README.md, before:

# novel-scrape-extension
A simple novel scrape extension that was designed to scrape a specific site

## Install the extension

Clone the extension to your disk  
Then open the Chrome extensions page -> Load unpackaged  
To view the background logs: Click on the service worker  
To view the content script / injected scrip: Open the website console tab  
To view the popup js log: Right-click on the extension -> Inspect Popup  

## To run the extension

Open the novel page, and click on start scrape to start scrape page. But remember to clear all the cache before scraping a new novel.  
Click on the download button to download the generated `novel.txt` after scraping.  
To resume the novel scrap after failing, open the chapter we need, and click on start scrape again.  

## Format the result

After downloading the novel.txt from the extension, use the word to edit the result

1. Copy the novel.txt to the world file
2. Replace `^p^m` with `^l^m` (optional, however, need to use the special character from Word, as typing does not work)
3. Replace `^p^p^t` with `^l` (need to use the special character from word)
4. Highlight the chapter title, Find `Chương *^l` then replace it with `Heading 2 char` format, remember to tick on use wildcards (Need to insert `^l` from specials)
5. Save the Word file
6. Chose References -> Table of contents then insert the table of contents

Then use the Calibre to convert the word file to epub.

Commit message:

Support the html type instead of plain text

README.md, after:

# novel-scrape-extension
A simple novel scrape extension that was designed to scrape a specific site

## Install the extension

Clone the extension to your disk  
Then open the Chrome extensions page -> Load unpackaged  
To view the background logs: Click on the service worker  
To view the content script / injected scrip: Open the website console tab  
To view the popup js log: Right-click on the extension -> Inspect Popup  

## To run the extension

Open the novel page, and click on start scrape to start scrape page. But remember to clear all the cache before scraping a new novel.  
Click on the download button to download the generated `novel.txt` after scraping.  
To resume the novel scrap after failing, open the chapter we need, and click on start scrape again.  

## Format the result in case of txt

After downloading the novel.txt from the extension, use the word to edit the result

1. Copy the novel.txt to the world file  
2. Replace `^p^m` with `^l^m` (optional, however, need to use the special character from Word, as typing does not work)  
3. Replace `^p^p^t` with `^l` (need to use the special character from word)  
4. Highlight the chapter title, Find `Chương *^l` then replace it with `Heading 2 char` format, remember to tick on use wildcards (Need to insert `^l` from specials)  
5. Save the Word file  
6. Chose References -> Table of contents then insert the table of contents  

Then use the Calibre to convert the word file to epub.

## Format the result in case of html

After download the novel.html from the extension, open it with Calibre

1. Click on convert books  
2. Input the title and authors name  
3. Click on table of contents at the left side  
4. Check on "Force use of auto-generated Table of Contents"  
5. Input the Level 1 TOC with content `//h:h2`
6. Submit
